{{Meeting
|Date=2014/03/26
|Time=19:30
|Address=33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON
|Meeting Type=Board Meeting
}}
=== Attending ===
:* Jonathan
:* Darcy
:* Jaymis
:* Ben
:* Doug
:* James
:* Bob

=== Absent ===


=== Call to Order ===
:* Called to order by Darcy at 

=== Approval of Agenda ===
:* moved by , seconded by , 

=== Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes ===
:* Approving minutes for 119
:** Motion to approve meeting 119 by , seconded by , 

=== Report from the President ===
:* We're awesome

=== Report from the Treasurer ===
:* 

=== Recurring Business ===

==== Previous meeting action items ====
:* trillium grant spending, James (James)
:* Action item: set up PGP key signing (Jonathan)
:* Action item: Draft a formal procedure for filling future board vacancies (Darcy)
:* Action item: Get someone from Capacity Waterloo to give a board governance information session (Darcy)
:* Action item: Strike committee from minutes (Jonathan)
:* Action item: Put bylaw changes on agenda for AGM (Darcy)
:* Action item: Talk to Don Macrae about snow removal (Jonathan)
:* Action item: have a meeting with any members who want to have input on the new membership procedure (Doug)

==== Reimbursements ====
:* Knives and markers (Doug)
:** Pre-approved

==== Review of mailing list votes ====
:* Vote to ratify membership of Eric Moon and Jessica Clayman
:** approved unanimously

==== Documentation of Board Procedures ====
:* regarding date and frequency of board meetings

=== New Business ===

==== Procedure for Filling Board Vacancies ====
:* Action item: Draft a formal procedure for filling future board vacancies (Darcy)

==== Getting a phone number ====
:* Setting up a VoIP voice mail box for the lab.

==== Transcription Errors found in By-Laws ====
:* Jonathan found some minor errors in the bylaws that appear to be typos/transcription errors, and would ike to review them quickly.

=== Old Business ===

==== Board resolutions over the mailing list ====
:* Jonathan would like to discuss using PGP signing
:** Will be done at the Gibson hacking event.

==== MakerFaire Waterloo ====
:* Update on commitment from city hall (Jaymis)
:** $1000 requirement
:** Appointment to make a deposit with the City of Kitchener

==== Snow Removal ====
:* Snow probably not as cleared as we'd like.
:* Action item: Talk to Don Macrae about this (Jonathan)

==== 3D Printer ====
:* Doug proposes getting a classroom set of 3D printers. - Update?
:* Talk to media contacts
:* Crowd-funding through indiegogo?
:* Good results on crowd-funding can get us better results from corporate sponsors.

==== Membership Application Process ====
:* Approval of Ben's proposal (fill in here, please)
:* Action item: have a meeting with any members who want to have input on the new membership procedure (Doug)

=== Review of New Action Items from this Meeting ===

=== Adjournment ===
:* Motion to adjourn. Moved by Darcy, seconded by Jaymis, unanimously approved.
:* adjourned at 20:45
